♪
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1 double‐D
Savant Galilei
and Scale 10
double‐D Savant Kepler.
(grunts)
(beeping)
I can now summon monsters
from level two through nine
at the same time!
The energy of the universe
swings between the forces
of darkness and of light.
I shall now harness the power
of this eternal oscillation!
I pendulum summon
and call upon
my three monsters to emerge!
Behold the three
fearsome immortals
who can command
the obedience of all‐‐
my trio of triple‐D
Doom King Armageddons!
The pendulum summon
is confirmed.
All of the energy levels
are holding steady, sir.
Good!
Now we just have to maintain
things as they are.
♪
Yuya Sakaki.
The future is now.
(man)
Mr. President,
today's trial was a success.
Your design modifications
worked flawlessly.
We are making
great strides, sir.
Congratulations.
Now Leo Corporation's
pendulum cards
are another step closer
to completion.
Yes, but they're still
far from perfect.
Our cards are good,
but we must strive
for them to be the best.
In their current state,
our prototypes
pale in comparison
to Yuya Sakaki's
pendulum cards.
The fact remains
we've still got
a very long way to go.
Yes, I couldn't
agree more, sir.
I'll make sure
the development team
pushes even harder.
We'll do
whatever it takes
to be ready
for the championship.
We absolutely have to be.
This is my city, Claude,
and I will not lose
to anyone in my city
no matter where
they come from.
I'm afraid failure
is not an acceptable option.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
I'm worried.
Yuya's been like this
all day.
Yesterday, he was
Mr. Happy Face
since he only needed
two more wins
to enter the Junior Arc
League Championship.
Maybe Yuya
broke his brain
answering all of
those trivia questions.
Congratulations
are in order.
Two consecutive
victories, Yuya.
Thanks, I guess,
but I'm a little confused,
Mr. Smiley.
You don't seem that happy
about me winning.
I'm happy enough!
In your duel against
the King of the Kitchen,
you learned
you need to be flexible.
And battling the Quiz Whiz
taught you the valuable
lesson
that your mind is
your most important weapon.
Oh, that duel
gave me the shivers.
The point is
that I can honestly say
without any hesitation
that my plan to
make you a pro is on track.
I get it. Making me a pro
will make you happy.
And making me happy
is your job now.
(gasps) What do you
mean, "my job"?
A professional has a job
and does it well.
The responsibility
of a being a duel‐tainer
is to entertain people
and make them happy
by shocking
and surprising them
with dueling
that is so astounding
that they shower you
with their applause!
That is what you need to do
to become a professional!
It sounds hard.
And it is!
But that is what
you must do, Yuya.
So, in your next match,
you must come up
with something
to surprise, shock,
and astound me!
But that shouldn't be
too hard, right, my boy?
(groans)
♪
(Yuya)
Nico's right.
I got to do something
surprising.
I remember they always
used to talk
about how surprised
the audience was
the first time my dad
flew through the sky
in an Action Duel.
(gasps)
I greatly admire
your father's exploits.
Yusho Sakaki made Action Dueling
as popular and exciting
as it is today.
He was a true pioneer.
Declan Akaba...
he definitely surprised me.
I fusion summon...
triple‐D Flame King Genghis!
I synchro summon
Level 7 triple‐D
Gust King Alexander!
I Xyz summon
triple‐D Wave King Caesar!
(Yuya)
I thought I'd seen it all
until Declan
did the unthinkable.
I Pendulum Summon and call upon
my three monsters to emerge!
But he wasn't finished.
There was more.
I just realized there's a way
to evolve the Pendulum method!
(Yuya)
How could pendulum summoning
evolve even further?
And why can Declan see it,
and how come I can't?
(groans)
(gasps)
Yuya's on the move!
Where's he going?
(Skip Boyle)
383!
384!
385!
386!
387!
Principal Boyle,
you got to help me.
I know what I want to do,
but I don't know how.
390...
How can I learn to max out
my pendulum power?
393!
Take deep breaths.
It's not a sprint.
Never give up.
One step at a time.
Stay in your lane.
Which lane?
Can you give me just
a little bit more
to go on than that?
Like, how do I find
the right lane to stay in?
Oh, don't ask me!
I wouldn't know!
Sure, I used to run
in the same lane,
but now I don't even
know why my Zuzu
won't train with
her daddy anymore!
(sobbing)
Zuzu?
Zuzu's really been
M. I. A. lately.
I wonder where she is now.
She must be with Sora.
Yeah.
It's his fifth match.
With that, I declare
that my turn is over!
And now the time
has come
for your turn
to begin!
You're awesomely
amazing!
You'd sure give
Yuya a run
for duel‐tainer
of the year!
Sora, save the reviews
for after the duel!
Finish this thing A. S. A. P.!
Zuzu, this duel's
in the bag,
but if it makes you feel better,
I'll wrap it up.
Okay, my turn.
I draw!
Yeah!
Edge Imp Sabres,
I knew you'd show up!
All right, Zuzu,
I've shown you
everything up to now,
so you know
what's in my hand.
How would you play
this next move?
I know what I'd do!
I'd use the power
of Polymerization
to fuse Edge Imp Sabres
and Fluffal Bear together.
Exactly!
You're catching on, Zuzu.
From my hand, I activate
the spell card Polymerization.
And with it,
I fuse Edge Imp Sabres
and Fluffal Bear!
Edge of sharpness
and fury of bear!
When the two come together,
you had better beware!
(both)
Fusion summon!
(Sora)
Frightfur Bear!
(both)
Now Frightfur Bear attack
with Pummeling Paw!
(screams, groans)
(groans)
Uh‐oh.
I think I broke my...
Arigato!
(audience cheering)
(man)
Excellent form!
(cheering and applause)
Well, five down
and one to go.
This guy wasn't
much competition.
But even so,
it's good to know that you're
really starting to understand
how and when
to fusion summon.
(chuckles)
From now on,
that's my total focus!
I have to completely master
fusion summoning
and use it
in a duel before
the Junior ARC League
Championship starts!
That's the only way
I can beat Julia Krystal.
Hey, Julia, you're not
going to look for him
again today, are you?
You know I am!
I have to find the man
in the black mask
no matter what it takes
and ask him
about Professor Marco.
Okay, but what makes you
so sure he's the right guy?
You didn't actually see him
Xyz summon, did you?
That's exactly why I'm going to
find this mystery man
and duel the truth
out of him!
You know, that girl's
a real piece of work.
Don't let her
hear you say that.
If you do, she might
work you over!
Well...
she's right about one thing.
If we don't find
this joker soon,
there could be big trouble.
Yeah, rumor has it
that quite a few of
L. I. D's elite team members
have been
disappearing recently.
Which means it won't be long
'til he comes for us, too.
Huh?
(whimpering)
Aha, it's you again, huh?
What do you want?
You want me to demolish you
again like I did before,
big brows?
Gong has come before you,
duelist to duelist,
to humbly ask... a favor.
(gasping)
You got to be
kidding me!
(thinking)
Time to do some investigating.
Everything seems normal.
(gasps)
What could have done that?
This was no ARC
system malfunction.
Someone or something's
not playing by the rules.
(security guard) Hey!
What're you doing here?
(gasps)
Did this thing attack
Professor Marco, too?
(Zuzu) You could've ended
the duel sooner.
The other guy's monster
had 1,500 attack points.
You used Fluffal Bear,
but you should've summoned
Fluffal Leo instead
because it has 100 more attack
points than the other monster!
I knew Fluffal Leo
could've ended the duel,
but I wanted show you
how to fusion summon again.
You didn't seem to totally
get it the last time we dueled.
I really understand it now,
and I've practiced a lot
so I can't wait to test
my new and improved skills
in an actual battle.
Well, sounds like
you're pretty cocky.
But just because
you're confident
doesn't mean
you're competent.
Okay, let's have a duel
and see if you can cut it.
Okay, you got it!
(both) Huh?
Sora, it's Julia.
I want answers.
What do you two know
about what's going on
in Paradise City?
What're you
talking about?
There's been
a series of attacks
from a mysterious
duelist.
Attacks?
What kind of attacks?
The victims are all connected
to the Leo Institute.
But nobody knows what's been
happening to them, or why,
because they all
disappeared.
They disappeared?
Yes, every one of them.
Top team members of L. I. D.
and Professor Marco, too.
They were all attacked
and they're all gone.
And I know who's
behind these attacks,
and so do you!
All right,
tell me where he is!
You must know where he is!
Where who is?
The guy in the black mask.
The one who was with you
last time I saw you!
(gasps)
If I'd captured him then,
I could have stopped
all the attacks!
It was you
who let him get away!
Julia, I don't know
anything about him!
Stop with the lies, Zuzu!
Professor Marco has
always been there for me.
And I have to make sure
he always will be!
It's my turn to help him.
I don't care what it takes!
I have to find him!
Tell me where
Professor Marco is!
I told you, I don't know
anything about this!
You were with him
at the scene of the first crime
but you don't know a thing?
If you're gonna play dumb...
then I'll have to
duel the truth out of you!
You don't have anything
to worry about, Zuzu.
You're more than ready
to take her down.
You can beat her easy,
trust me.
You want me to accept
her challenge?
Sure.
Just a minute ago you said
you wanted to try
your new skills out
in a real battle.
Well, here's your chance.
(sighs)
You can't defeat me.
Don't you remember
how I picked you apart
the last time we dueled?
Yeah, but she's not
the same Zuzu she was back then.
What's so different?
She's not intimidated by you
like she was before.
Not since I explained
to her how pathetic
the Leo Institute's fusion
summon curriculum is.
Ugh, you dirty little...
You just insulted
Professor Marco
who taught me
fusion summoning!
Now you'll pay!
I'm gonna crush you first,
then her!
Nah, don't think so,
Jules.
After you lose to me,
I doubt you'll have
the guts to duel her.
I'll show you guts!
When I'm through,
you'll wish you never messed
with the Leo Institute!
You're from the Leo Institute?
(gasps)
(Zuzu screaming)
If you're one of them,
I'll battle you.
(groans)
You... it's you.
You must be the one who's
been attacking everybody.
Let's duel.
Bring it!
Shay, no!
This won't solve anything!
(all gasp)
You're wrong!
She's with the Leo Institute,
Yuto!
I told you before,
this isn't
our battlefield!
You have to trust me.
This isn't the way
to go about this.
(grunts) You better believe
it's a battlefield!
I have to do this
to get Lulu back!
And if you're going
to stand in my way,
then you're my enemy, too!
Kit, Dipper, he's here!
Get to Building 33
at the harbor right away!
Wait!
How do you know for sure
he's the one
you've been looking for?!
(gasp)
Lulu!
How did you‐‐
Who helped you‐‐
Did you get away?
(gasps)
(grunting)
Lulu...
Sorry, my friend,
it's not her.
Get in touch with
the Leo Institute!
Send every person you can
down here immediately!
We're on it, Julia!
Kit's talking to them
right now!
Yeah, that's right.
She's in front of
warehouse 33 at the harbor!
(thinking) Zuzu's really
been stepping it up,
learning to fusion summon
from Sora and all.
She's going up
and I'm going nowhere!
(both groaning)
Get that
license plate number.
You!
Yuya!
Yuya Sakaki!
You know, a sorry
couldn't hurt, Dipper!
Why should I apologize
for your clumsiness
and you bein' in my way?!
Enough!
We've got an emergency!
All right, let's go.
What's the big emergency?
We found the guy who's
been attacking duelists
at a warehouse
down by the docks.
(gasps)
This card,
it isn't right for you.
Huh?
You have a right
to your own opinion.
But I don't appreciate it
when a stranger
criticizes a card
I picked for somebody.
And if you have a problem
with my choice of cards,
I'd be glad to show you
how wrong you are
and how right I am.
Sora!
This is ridiculous!
Stop it!
Both of you!
(Dipper) Julia!
(gasps)
Huh?
(shudders)
Where is he?
Yeah, come on,
let me at him!
He's gone.
(both gasp)
Zuzu, are you okay?
He disappeared... again.
Except there were
two of them this time,
and one of them said
I was Lulu
and the other one
said that I wasn't.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
I don't understand any of it!
I don't understand
why my bracelet glows,
or why people disappear
when you show up!
Zuzu...
(gasps)
Your cards,
I'll get 'em.
Here.
(Dipper)
There's the L. I. D. truck!
(all) Huh?
He was here!
He was here
and he just disappeared!
Looks like things are gonna
get a little sticky here.
You better go, too.
Okay.
Hey!
I heard you only have
to win two more duels
to make it into the Junior
ARC League Championship,
is that right?
Yeah.
Where'd you hear that?
Well, you better
get lucky.
That's the only way
you're ever gonna make it.
Yeah?
Think again!
I'll show you!
Zuzu? Sora?
Huh?
I guess I didn't
see this one before.
Must be Zuzu's.
Polymerization...
♪